all right short and sweet we're trying
to put the FS and ipfs and good news
there's already an implementation so
thank you good night so what is the
problem with the current implementation
we have one thing is that it's very
opinionated there's different platforms
that we would like to support and we
just don't have that kind of coverage so
at the baseline we would like to
increase that kind of coverage a major
complaint that we get is the performance
of it as well so that's something that
we are planning to tackle going forward
and then there's obviously opinions on
these standards that we're trying to
implement and interoperate with so if
you are if you have any UNIX friends
around ask them their opinions on a time
how are we gonna do this in the very
short term I think what we did during
our deep dive was really going to some
of the research of file systems and
operating systems and how they work
themselves and how they interoperate
with with other systems so we covered a
lot of that and I think taking some of
those notes and research and massaging
that in is something that's digestible
is very important so in the short term
we're just going to take that and push
it out there and try to start a
discussion and engage with people and
see what their pain points are and how
we can alleviate those longer term we
would like to basically come up with
this virtual file system interface that
sits at the top layer that with which
you can compose sub file systems from
and basically have these kinds of
standardized and codify these these
opinions on what you would how you'd
like the system to behave and that just
gives us a lot of flexibility and also
allows us to have mitigate some of these
performance issues by having cache
coherency but not giving up flexibility
and and things of that nature so that is
the short and long of it
you
[Applause]